README.md, before:

# TG-Pre-Work

### While we do want our developers to work smarter, not harder, please refrain from plagiarizing.  It is completely fine to reword information you have gleaned from internet sources, however, please be prepared to redo the work should you submit a directly copied/pasted answer.  If you must copy/paste, cite your sources (this citation doesn't need to be fancy - just state directly where you found the information or provide a link).  Additionally, some of the questions below are tricky.  The answers were not necessarily covered in the reading we assigned.  They are not intended to be straightforward because we expect you to do some research to discover the answers to the best of your ability.  If you cannot find an answer, explain what you do know and what you are stuck on.  

## When we hit https://www.techtonic.com/ what happens? Don’t focus too much on architecture (Monolithic, SOA, Microservices, etc.). Try to focus more on how the web functions in general terms/steps.

put your answer here

## From start to finish, how does data reach you to be rendered in the browser?

put your answer here

## What code is rendered in the browser?

put your answer here

## What is the server-side code’s main function?

put your answer here

## What is the client-side code’s main function?

put your answer here

## What is runtime?

put your answer here

## How many instances of the client-side assets (HTML, CSS, JS, Images, etc.) are created?

put your answer here

## How many instances of the server-side code are available at any given time?

put your answer here

## How many instances of the databases connected to the server application are created?

put your answer here

Commit message:

Finished pre-work and READ.me

README.md, after:

# TG-Pre-Work

### While we do want our developers to work smarter, not harder, please refrain from plagiarizing.  It is completely fine to reword information you have gleaned from internet sources, however, please be prepared to redo the work should you submit a directly copied/pasted answer.  If you must copy/paste, cite your sources (this citation doesn't need to be fancy - just state directly where you found the information or provide a link).  Additionally, some of the questions below are tricky.  The answers were not necessarily covered in the reading we assigned.  They are not intended to be straightforward because we expect you to do some research to discover the answers to the best of your ability.  If you cannot find an answer, explain what you do know and what you are stuck on.  

## When we hit https://www.techtonic.com/ what happens? Don’t focus too much on architecture (Monolithic, SOA, Microservices, etc.). Try to focus more on how the web functions in general terms/steps.

When a client requests to get https://www.techtonic.com/ over the internet, the server checks to see if it exists and if it does, renders the page.


## From start to finish, how does data reach you to be rendered in the browser?

Client makes a request, server searches for the request, client waits, server either sends the request or doesn't, if server does, the web browser renders the request in HTML for the client to view.

## What code is rendered in the browser?

HTML code is rendered in the browser.

## What is the server-side code’s main function?

Server side code processes web requests and sends pages to clients.

## What is the client-side code’s main function?

Client side code displays HTML in a web browser.

## What is runtime?

Runtime is the duration an applications software is executed, including code not written by you that is crucial for the code to work.

## How many instances of the client-side assets (HTML, CSS, JS, Images, etc.) are created?

There is one instance of client-side assets on the client browser.

## How many instances of the server-side code are available at any given time?

This depends on how large, but to start it would be the 1 server.

## How many instances of the databases connected to the server application are created?

Many references say this number can be thousands, but ultimately dependent on the need of the database/s.

** I did not find a ton of information on instances in general, but specific instances within databases (SQL,etc..)
